Add link to migration guide (#890)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.10.0/docs/upgrade/smart-contract-upgrades.rst

================

SCU is only supported on LF1.17, which in turn is only supported on

> Canton Protocol Version 7. This means that existing deployed contracts
> require migration and redeployment to utilize this feature.
> See :ref:`here <upgrade_to_2.10>` for the migration guide to 2.10 and Protocol Version 7

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Canton Protocol Version 7. Existing deployed contracts
require migration and redeployment to use this feature.
See :ref:`here <upgrade_to_2.10>` for the migration guide to 2.10 and Protocol Version 7
```
